Now, working with Splunk can be of various types.
You could either be using a small enterprise deployment
or large enterprise deployment or it could be your personal use as well.
When we look into small enterprise deployment,
we are typically talking about one search head with
2-3 indexers and about 100-200 forwarders.
In terms of large enterprise deployment,
it could be multiple search heads and 10-20 indexers and thousands of forwarders.
Let's also get ourselves familiarized with
this particular document which I found extremely useful,
which is available on the Splunk website.
Let's take a look at that.
I'm going to provide the link to this documentation below the video.
Let me take you through this document real quickly
and then you can read through them in your free time.
So here, there is a bit of information about the architecture that they use,
and this is pretty much the Splunk architecture.
It talks about the Splunk servers,
the different kinds of alerts that are available,
the modules that they offer, the data stores,
and different combination of that is available for different types of environment.
Then it also talks about single host deployment,
which pretty much means that you have a single machine.
You can also have distributed access which
is multiple machines in a distributed fashion that
can be used for forwarding data and for accessing as well.
There is more information that talks about high availability.
So this is one document that you can probably read through very quickly to get an idea
of what they really mean and what they really talk about in the deployment process.